Add general callbacks to `predict` subcommand; Add explanations with Myerson values (#1364)
chemprop/chemprop: docs/source/tutorial/cli/callback.rst

Reviewer: This file doesn't show up in the table of contents, so is only accessible via the link in predict.rst. This could be fine, but maybe we add
```
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    callback
```
to the end of predict.rst? I haven't tested if this works though.

Author: I added it, but since I can't build the docs on my end, I guess we'll just try?

Reviewer: yeah, the docs are a bit of a pain to set up, so I also usually just try. It doesn't seem to have worked, but I think "ah well". It isn't necessary, so I am fine to merge as is.

.. _callback:

Custom Callbacks for Prediction
===============================

Chemprop's :code:`predict` subcommand can be invoked with the :code:`--callback <cb>` flag, allowing for the execution of custom code during the prediction process.

Interpretability Callbacks
--------------------------

Myerson Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Myerson explainer calculates and saves Myerson explanations during a :code:`predict` call using the `myerson <https://myerson.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ package.
It can be invoked by passing :code:`--callback myerson` to the :code:`chemprop predict` command.

The explanations take the form of node attributions and are saved as a pickle file containing a dictionary with the keys :code:`myerson_values` and :code:`sampled`.
The :code:`myerson_values` will be a list of 1D or 2D arrays of shape :code:`num_atoms` (for regression or binary classification)
or :code:`num_atoms x num_classes` (for multilabel binary classification) containing the explanations.

By default, molecules with more than 20 nodes will use a sampling explainer instead of the exact explainer.

> This threshold is controlled by the :code:`sampling_threshold` parameter (currently hardcoded to 20 when using the CLI).

Reviewer 2: Can expose through the --callback-params cli arg?

Reviewer 2: And if so, add an example of doing so here

Author: https://github.com/SamuelHomberg/chemprop/commit/6a6688bc57aa68b62645fc8cb6498ef1b9e9bcda

.. _callback:

Custom Callbacks for Prediction
===============================

Chemprop's :code:`predict` subcommand can be invoked with the :code:`--callback <cb>` flag, allowing for the execution of custom code during the prediction process.

Interpretability Callbacks
--------------------------

Myerson Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Myerson explainer calculates and saves Myerson explanations during a :code:`predict` call using the `myerson <https://myerson.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ package.
It can be invoked by passing :code:`--callback myerson` to the :code:`chemprop predict` command.

The explanations take the form of node attributions and are saved as a compressed NumPy archive (:code:`.npz` file). Each molecule's explanation is saved as a separate array within the archive (e.g., :code:`arr_0`, :code:`arr_1`, etc.).

> Each array will be a 1D or 2D NumPy array of shape :code:`num_atoms` (for regression or binary classification) or :code:`num_atoms x num_classes` (for multi-class classification) containing the explanation for one molecule. Alternatively, the explanations can be saved as a JSON file by setting the :code:`save_as_json` parameter to :code:`true`.

Reviewer: Why does this line talk about multi-class classification if we only support :code:`BinaryClassificationFFN` or :code:`RegressionFFN`?

> Each array will be a 1D or 2D NumPy array of shape :code:`num_atoms` (for regression or binary classification) or :code:`num_atoms x num_classes` (for multi-class classification) containing the explanation for one molecule. Alternatively, the explanations can be saved as a JSON file by setting the :code:`save_as_json` parameter to :code:`true`.

Author: ```suggestion
Each array will be a 1D or 2D NumPy array of shape :code:`num_atoms` (for regression or binary classification) or :code:`num_atoms x num_labels` (for multi-label classification) containing the explanation for one molecule. Alternatively, the explanations can be saved as a JSON file by setting the :code:`save_as_json` parameter to :code:`true`.
```
